Normconf (20 points)
Legend

Oh, these configuration files ...
You want to tell the program to do something once a year, and sit,
count how many seconds there are this year.
Or you read a huge number and don’t understand that this is a month,
 a week, or any other astronomical unit.
It’s much more convenient to write instead of obscure numbers
....values ​​like “2 years 2 seconds”.
And everyone without a calculator and a piece of paper will immediately-
 understand what's what.
 So Gallam decided to deal with this problem once
 and for all and make sure that everyone wrote the configs in this format.
 But do not rewrite the existing programs for such processing? Therefore,
 Galliam decided to stretch his arms and write on his favorite bash a program-
 that would translate configuration files from a human-readable format into-
 seconds, grams and other standard units. Will we help Gallam make the life of-
 company programmers easier?

Formulation of the problems

The program takes as a parameter the name of the configuration file in the following format:

time = 4s

distance = 8m

longtime = 15h

weight = 42g

To the left of the equal sign can be any set of English letters
(optionally time, distance, ...). The script should output a "normalized"
config, all units should be reduced to one measurement: for time - in seconds,
 for distance - in meters, for weight - in kilograms.
 Valid units in the input file are:

● Time: s, min, h, d

● Distance: mm, sm, dm, m, km

● Weight: mg, g, kg, t

The presence of help and output for the specified file and the like as given below = 10 Points:

time = 4

distance = 8

longtime = 54000

weight = 0.023

For the maximum score, we also process the following situations:

time = 4h 2s

weight = 4t 2kg

vacation = 30d - 2min + 30s

If we see incompatible data in any line of the config,
we display information about the error with the line number
and the name of the incorrect parameter. Supported arithmetic operations -
 addition and subtraction, if there is no operation,
 then we believe that the units must be added

Launch Examples:

● normconf.sh -h

● normconf.sh --help

● normconf.sh filename


Mandatory requirement for everyone: no error checking http://www.shellcheck.net/
